Update links to use source-links component (#3715)
XRPLF/xrpl-dev-portal: docs/references/protocol/binary-format.md

### Type Codes

Each field type has an arbitrary type code, with lower codes sorting first. These codes are defined in {% source-link name="SField.h" path="include/xrpl/protocol/SField.h#L60-L98" /%}.

> For example, {% source-link name="UInt32 has type code 2" path="include/xrpl/protocol/SField.h#L67" /%}, so all UInt32 fields come before all {% source-link name="Amount fields, which have type code 6" path="include/xrpl/protocol/SField.h#L71" /%}.

Reviewer: I think these line numbers had already drifted; here are the correct values:

```suggestion
For example, {% source-link name="UInt32 has type code 2" path="include/xrpl/protocol/SField.h#L48" /%}, so all UInt32 fields come before all {% source-link name="Amount fields, which have type code 6" path="include/xrpl/protocol/SField.h#L52" /%}.
```

Made a suggestion with the same fix to Japanese, too.

The [definitions file](#definitions-file) lists the type codes for each type in the `TYPES` map.

### Field Codes

Each field has a field code, which is used to sort fields that have the same type as one another, with lower codes sorting first. These fields are defined in {% source-link name="sfields.macro" path="include/xrpl/protocol/detail/sfields.macro" /%}.

> For example, the `Account` field of a [Payment transaction][] {% source-link name="has sort code 1" path="include/xrpl/protocol/detail/sfields.macro#L269" /%}, so it comes before the `Destination` field which {% source-link name="has sort code 3" path="include/xrpl/protocol/detail/sfields.macro#L271" /%}.

Reviewer: Line numbers are out of date; here's the correction:

```suggestion
For example, the `Account` field of a [Payment transaction][] {% source-link name="has sort code 1" path="include/xrpl/protocol/detail/sfields.macro#L304" /%}, so it comes before the `Destination` field which {% source-link name="has sort code 3" path="include/xrpl/protocol/detail/sfields.macro#L306" /%}.
```

Made the same suggestion on the Japanese version.
